Fx152: Update experimental features release note for JPEG XL support (#44476)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

#### JPEG XL support

> Firefox supports the [JPEG XL](https://jpeg.org/jpegxl/) image format, which generally provides better compression than WebP, JPEG, PNG, and GIF and is designed to supersede them.

Reviewer: I would suggest avoiding image format comparison. It's more nuanced than superseding existing formats and it's a long story.

```suggestion
Firefox supports the [JPEG XL](https://jpeg.org/jpegxl/) image format, a modern successor to JPEG that offers improved compression and image quality, along with new capabilities such as transparency, animation, and HDR support.
```

Author: Sounds good. I'll use the suggestion :)
